---
title: Engineering Day (E-Day) At The Park 2022
imagealt: Engineering Day will be August 27, 2022
imageurl: /images/eday2022final.png
---

E-Day (Engineering Day) at the Park allows K–12th grade students an opportunity to participate in a number of
hands-on activities and experiences focused on Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (S.T.E.M.).

You can register for the 2022 Engineering Day at the Park on our 
<a href="https://2022eday.eventbrite.com/" target="_blank">EventBrite page</a>.

## E-Day 2022 Details

### When

August 27, 2022 10AM-1PM

### Where

**Oak Park**

1010 Forest Ave

Montgomery, AL 36106

### Who

3rd–12th grade students from the Montgomery, Prattville, Wetumpka, and surrounding areas.

### What

Engineering Day allows students an opportunity to participate in a number of hands-on S.T.E.M. activities
You can register for the event on our 
<a href="https://2022eday.eventbrite.com/" target="_blank">EventBrite page</a>.

We will also have giveaways, hands on STEM activities, and free food!

## Volunteers Needed

Volunteers will be needed in various areas in order to make E-Day a success! If you are interested in 
volunteering, please register on the 
<a href="https://us5.list-manage.com/survey?u=887bd5251f705dc81e45b1433&id=4b1950728d&e=*|UNIQID|*" target="_blank">Volunteer Registration page</a>.

## Donations and Sponsors

The Montgomery Chapter of the National Society of Black Engineers welcomes all donations 
and/or sponsorships towards this event. We thank you in advance for your help in shaping the next
generation of engineers, scientists, and technical professionals.

[Make A Donation](/support)

<a href="https://us5.list-manage.com/survey?u=887bd5251f705dc81e45b1433&id=e20ffbea44&e=*|UNIQID|*" target="_blank">Become A E-Day Sponsor</a>

## Project Information

Want to recreate a project that was done at E-Day 2022? Information for each project that was 
presented at E-Day 2022, is listed below. Each document includes a list of materials and steps 
to complete the project.

* [Bottle Rocket](/2022edayprojects/Bottle_Rocket.pdf)
* [Build Ultimate Sandcastle](/2022edayprojects/Build_The_Ultimate_Sandcastle.pdf)
* [DIY Lava Lamp](/2022edayprojects/DIY_Lava_Lamp.pdf)
* [Inside A Computer](/2022edayprojects/Inside_a_computer.pdf)
* [Leak Proof Bag](/2022edayprojects/Leak-Proof-Bag.pdf)
* [Magnetic Levitating Pencil](/2022edayprojects/Magnetic-Levitating-Pencil.pdf)
* [Makers Station](/2022edayprojects/Makers_Station.pdf)
* [Rubber Band Car](/2022edayprojects/Rubber_Band_Car.pdf)
* [Slime Lab](/2022edayprojects/Slime_Lab.pdf)
* [Water Pollution Clean Up](/2022edayprojects/asce-water-pollution-clean-up-activity-at-home-version.pdf)

## E-Day 2019 Highlights

Engineering Day At The Park was featured on the local news in 2019. Check out the video on our 
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=373769769954484&extid=bYnyVhue16YMG869" 
target="_blank">Facebook page</a>.