---
title: Central Alabama NSBE Jr Chapter Advisor and Volunteer Frequently Asked Questions
---

I just agreed to serve as a Chapter Advisor....Now what??
First, thank you for dedicating your time and effort to ensure the Central Alabama NSBE Jr. Students are
engaged and inspired!! We are beginning a new chapter in Central Alabama NSBE Jr. and will need all the
help we can get!! As an Advisor/Volunteer, you will be detrimental in us reaching our goal
to ignite a passion for STEM in young minds, ultimately working toward accomplishing the
NSBE Mission; “to increase the number of culturally responsible black engineers who excel
academically, succeed professionally and positively impact the community.”
To ensure transparency and cohesiveness, please refer to this document first if you have
questions. Questions will be updated as needed. If you can’t find answers here, please feel
free to reach out to our PCI Chair directly by emailing cansbejr@gmail.com.

## What are the responsibilities of an Advisor and Volunteer?

### Advisor

* Provide a safe space in which students can learn, explore, and grow.
* Hold chapter meetings 1 – 4 times a month.
* Plan engaging events and activities for students to participate in.
* Provide opportunities for academic enrichment.
* Keep parents and guardians up to date with chapter activities.
* Share resources, scholarships, and other opportunities with students and parents.
* Create and adhere to chapter budget.
* Attend monthly NSBE Jr. Advisor webinars.

### Volunteer

* Ensure a safe space in which students can learn, explore, and grow.
* May help in leading group activities.
* Help set up space and equipment before activities/events.
* May provide feedback to Advisors by discussing areas of concern.

## Who can be an Advisor/Volunteer?

* Advisor - NSBE-Montgomery Professionals chapter member
* Volunteer – NSBE-Montgomery Professionals chapter member, Partner Organization member,
Central Alabama NSBE Jr. Student parent/guardian

## What type of commitment is associated with the Advisor position?

Advisors can be as involved in the planning process as they wish!! Please feel free to share any
feedback or ideas that could improve Central Alabama NSBE Jr. Advisors and student experience!! Once the
fiscal year calendar is available, an Advisor meeting will be planned to discuss in more detail.
What type of time commitment is associated with the Advisor and Volunteer?

### Advisor
* Must lead at least 1 NSBE Jr. Meetup.
* May arrive 1 hour before beginning of NSBE Jr. Meetup. Must arrive no later than 30
minutes prior.
* Make PCI Chair aware if you are not able to attend/lead a NSBE Jr. Meetup.

### Volunteer
* May arrive 1 hour before beginning of NSBE Jr. Meetup. Must arrive no later than 30
minutes prior.

## Am I required to attend all meetings?
No, though you are welcome to attend as many as you can. Advisors must lead at least 1
NSBE Jr. Meetup.

## Do I need to register/submit paperwork/process payments/etc.?
Security – Background Checks: As of now, Background Checks are not available for Advisors and
Volunteers. Any pertinent links and information will be released as given.
