---
title: CANSBEJr Monthly Newsletter for October 2024
---

[View PDF Version](/blog/2024.10.14-cansbejr-monthy-newsletter.pdf)

## What’s In Store for CANSBE Jr.!!

NSBEJr. STEM MEETUP | Sunday, Oct. 20, 2024

### DIY Glow In The Dark Lava Lamp

This month’s project will be truly luminous!! DIY Glow in the Dark Lava
Lamp is designed to engage students in hands-on learning while
exploring fundamental concepts in chemistry and critical thinking.
This project will demonstrate the principles of density, solubility, and
chemical reactions. Students will observe how different substances
interact with each other and the effects caused, such as the
movement of a lava lamp. Come out and join the fun!!

3:00 P.M. – 5:00 P.M.

311 Mendel Parkway West, Montgomery, AL 36117

## CANSBEJr. Announcements

### CANSBEJr. Executive Board Application Now Available!!

We are seeking passionate and dedicated students to join our 2024-
2025 Executive Board!! This is a great opportunity to take on
leadership roles, collaborate with peers, and make a positive impact
within our organization. The E-Board, along with Advisors, are
responsible for planning activities and guiding our overall mission. If
you’re interested in making a difference and have ideas to share, we
encourage you to apply!! Application will open Friday, October 11.
Be on the lookout for more information about the available positions
and details on how to apply. We look forward to working together to
make this year a success!!

### Region 3 Fall Regional Conference Registration Now Open!!

Get in on the fun at the Region 3 FRC in Birmingham, Alabama at the Birmingham Jefferson Convention
Complex (BJCC)!! This is your chance to dive into a weekend of excitement, learning, and connections. You’ll
have the opportunity to attends workshops and competitions, while also discovering resources to fuel your
passion for STEM.

Registration is now open!! But hurry- prices increase the longer you wait!! Remember, national members get
a sweet discount!! If you’re interested in attending, please complete the Interest Survey by Sunday, October
20, 2024 that can be found at the following link:
<a href="https://form.jotform.com/232844279185163">Region III FRC Field Trip Interest Survey</a>

## Professional Highlight

### One Fourth Careers | Career Journey Stories
In this episode of One Fourth Careers, meet Irene! Irene graduated from Ohio State University with a
B.S.(Bachelor of Science) in Biological Engineering in 2019. She now works as a Technology Consultant at
Accenture, a global consulting and technology company.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTqZbsC4AH8">Irene | Technology Consultant</a>

One Fourth Careers Podcast provides career pathway overviews and personal testimonies from people
working in various industries and roles. This podcast prioritizes representation and focuses on providing
career exposure and actionable steps from the prospective of historically underrepresented and underserved
individuals.
Host Xzavier Brandon, native of Greenwood, MS, earned his B.S. in Mechanical Engineering in May 2020,
and is currently a Strategy Consultant with Accenture. He hopes that this podcast will help others find
professional clarity, as he believes “professional satisfaction contributes to at least one-fourth of our
happiness.”

## WHQ and Regional Announcements

Join NSBE’s Pre-College Virtual Workshop Series with International STEM League, Inc.!
These events are open to students in grades 9 – 12. Check out the monthly topics above!!

#### Session Information

Oct. 9 @ 6 P.M. CST, Cyber Defense T.E.A.M.S, Play to I.D. threats & ensure your team’s security.

Nov. 13 @ 6 P.M. CST, Robots on Your Resume, Intereact with a real robot dog. Apply to join project testing.

Dec. 11 @ 6 P.M. CST, Build a Personal Brand, Design a landing page to start your digital portfolio.

Jan 8 @ 6 P.M. CST, Launch Your Own Store, Learn to create & market your first product.

Feb 12 @ 6 P.M. CST, Useful Ethical A.I., Generate CLEAR prompts that help train a ‘bot.

### Health Wellness Webinar

Join us to learn more about health and wellness!
Oct. 11 & Oct. 25, 2024 @ 10 A.M. – 11 A.M. EDT

<a href="https://www.instagram.com/nsbe_jr">NSBE Jr Instgram</a>