---
title: CANSBEJr Roles and Responsibilities of Executive Board Officers
---


Roles and Responsibilities of Executive Board Officers

## President (8th – 12th Grade position)

The President oversees the E-Board, along with the NSBE Jr. Advisor. This is a student who has the ability
to lead, can work with others, and possesses great organizational skills. The President is responsible for
planning for goals, activities, and projects. He/She will work with the Advisor to create meeting agendas
and lead each meeting. He/She will represent the E-Board and Chapter at events as necessary.
**Required position**.

## Vice President (8th – 12th Grade position)

The Vice President is a student who is responsible, organized and has good time management skills. The
Vice President will assume responsibilities when the President is absent. He/She will collaborate with the
President and the Advisor in the planning of goals, activities, and projects. **Required position.

## Secretary (8th – 12th Grade position)

The Secretary is a student that has exceptional note-taking and organization skills. This position is
responsible for taking accurate notes (minutes) at each meeting and reporting those minutes to the
chapter before, during or after the meetings, as necessary. This includes taking attendance of all council
members at each meeting and event. **Required position.

## Treasurer (8th – 12th Grade position)

The Treasurer is a student that has strong organizational skills, good at keeping files, and enjoys working
with numbers. The Treasurer along with the NSBE Jr. Advisor will create proposed budget of activities for
the Chapter and coordinates fundraising projects. **Required position.

## Parliamentarian

The Parliamentarian is a student who has great verbal communication skills and . active listening and
develops strategies to keep membership informed of activities through approved social media strategies,
web-based information, and newsletters.

## Communications Chair (5th – 12th Grade position)

The Communications Chair is a student who has great written and verbal communication skills. active
listening and develops strategies to keep membership informed of activities through approved social
media strategies, web-based information, and newsletters.

## Finance Chair (5th – 12th Grade position)

The Finance Chair is a student who is creative and enjoys working with numbers. The Officer will work
with the Treasurer and NSBE Jr. Advisor to manage the Chapter budget as well as help develop
fundraising strategies to achieve chapter objectives.

## Membership Chair (5th – 12th Grade position)

The Membership Chair is a student that excels at active listening and has great communication skills. The
Officer will work along with E-Board Officers to develop strategies to increase membership enrollment
and chapter membership retention.

## Programs Chair (5th – 12th Grade position)

The Programs Chair is a student that has organizational and time management skills. The Officer will
work along with E-Board Officers to help to create plans for activities/events that will further expand the
reach of CANSBE Jr. chapter.

[View PDF Version](/files/CANSBEJr.ExecutiveApplication.pdf)
