---
title: 2025 Engineering Day (E-Day) At The Park
imagealt: Engineering Day at the park is a yearly event where we invite the students and the community to learn about STEM though hands on projects.
imageurl: /images/eday2025.jpg
---

E-Day (Engineering Day) at the Park allows K–12th grade students an opportunity to participate in a number of hands-on activities and experiences focused on Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (S.T.E.M.).  School supplies and other giveaways will be given at this event.

## Engineering Day 2024 Details

### When

August 16, 2025 10AM-1PM

### Where

**Tucker Center**<br />
2849 Pelzer Ave<br />
Montgomery, AL 36109

### Who

3rd–12th grade students from the Montgomery, Prattville, Wetumpka, Millbrook, and surrounding areas in the River Region.

### What

Engineering Day allows students an opportunity to participate in a number of hands-on S.T.E.M. activities. This 
free community event allows for young minds to explore the world of engineering and technology.
We will also have giveaways, hands on STEM activities, and free food!

## Get Your Tickets

Tickets are required for this event. Tickets are free. You can get tickets from our [EventBrite page](https://nsbempeday25.eventbrite.com).
Once you complete the checkout process, the ticket information will be emailed to you.

## Volunteers Needed

Volunteers will be needed in various areas in order to make E-Day a success! Volunteers 
can sign up by completing the 
[Volunteer Sign Up Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScBks2VJjEbHxOOxOKOk--p_paTm1GILeGaWS1FyUxY8sagnA/viewform).

## Donations and Sponsors

The Montgomery Professionals Chapter of the National Society of Black Engineers welcomes all donations 
and/or sponsorships towards this event. We thank you in advance for your help in shaping the next
generation of engineers, scientists, and technical professionals.

[Make A Donation](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfra21w19YWVFOGtyNthhnRmAiWM9F5Mky35JybKWBs5u_D2g/viewform)

## Project Information

Information about the project will be released at a later time.

## E-Day 2019 Highlights

Engineering Day At The Park was featured on the local news in 2019. Check out the video on our 
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=373769769954484&extid=bYnyVhue16YMG869" 
target="_blank">Facebook page</a>.
