---
title: 2026 NSBE-MP Engineering Day (E-Day)
imagealt: Engineering Day is a yearly event where we invite the students and the community to learn about STEM though hands on projects.
imageurl: /blog/eday2026.jpg
---

E-Day (Engineering Day) at the Park allows K–12th grade students an opportunity to participate in a number of hands-on activities and experiences 
focused on Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (S.T.E.M.).  School supplies and other giveaways will be given at this event.

## Engineering Day 2026 Details

### When

August 15, 2026 10AM-1PM

### Where

**Morningview Elementary School**<br />
2849 Pelzer Ave<br />
Montgomery, AL 36109

### Who

3rd–12th grade students from the Montgomery, Prattville, Wetumpka, Millbrook, and surrounding areas in the River Region.

### What

Engineering Day allows students an opportunity to participate in a number of hands-on S.T.E.M. activities. This 
free community event allows for young minds to explore the world of engineering and technology.
We will also have giveaways, hands on STEM activities, and free food!

## Get Your Tickets

Tickets are required for this event. Tickets are free. You can get tickets from our 
[EventBrite page](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/engineering-day-2026-hosted-by-nsbe-montgomery-professionals-tickets-1990593544878).
Once you complete the checkout process, the ticket information will be emailed to you.

## Volunteers Needed

Volunteers will be needed in various areas in order to make E-Day a success! Volunteers 
can sign up by completing the 
[Volunteer Sign Up Form](#).

## Donations and Sponsors

The Montgomery Professionals Chapter of the National Society of Black Engineers welcomes all donations 
and/or sponsorships towards this event. We thank you in advance for your help in shaping the next
generation of engineers, scientists, and technical professionals.

[Make A Donation](#)

## Project Information

Information about the project will be released at a later time.

## E-Day 2025 Highlights

Engineering Day At The Park was featured on WSFA in 2025. 
[Check out the video](https://www.wsfa.com/video/2025/08/15/national-society-black-montgomery-professionals-hosts-engineering-day/)

